Update content for BioAmp hardware (#38)
upsidedownlabs/upsidedownlabs.github.io: kits/diy-neuroscience/basic/index.rst

.. image:: media/connection-with-maker-uno.*

> Connect ``VCC`` to ``5V``, ``GND`` to ``GND``, and ``OUT`` to ``Analog pin A0`` of your Maker UNO via jumper cables provided by us. If you are connecting OUT to any other analog pin, then you will have to change the INPUT PIN in the arduino sketch accordingly.

Author: Looks good!

    :align: center
    :width: 100%

Uploading the code
-----------------------

Connect the Maker Uno to your laptop using the USB cable (Type A to Type B). Copy paste the Arduino Sketch given below in Arduino IDE v1.8.19 that you downloaded earlier:
    
`Spike recorder arduino code <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/BackyardBrains/SpikerShield/master/Muscle/Arduino%20Code/SpikeRecorder/SpikeRecorderSpikerShield_V1_1.ino>`_

Go to ``tools`` from the menu bar, select ``board`` option then select Arduino UNO. In the same menu, 
select the COM port on which your Maker Uno is connected. To find out the right COM port, 
disconnect your Maker UNO board and reopen the menu. The entry that disappears should be the 
right COM port. Now upload the code.

.. warning:: Make sure your laptop is not connected to a charger and sit 5m away from any AC appliances for best signal acquisition.

Visualizing the EEG signals
-------------------------------

> Open the Spike Recorder software. When the Spike Recorder starts, it will start recording from your microphone. To change that, go to the settings by clicking 

Reviewer: @bhawnasehgal We should add footnotes for 3rd party software. 
```suggestion
Open up your BackyardBrains Spike Recorder software. At first, it will monitor signals from your microphone. To change that, go to the settings by clicking 
```

> the first icon on the top left corner of the screen, select the COM port on which the Maker UNO is connected and click on connect. 

Reviewer: We should use https://fontawesome.com/icons/gear?f=classic&s=solid 
```suggestion
the :fas:`gear` icon on the top left corner of the screen, select the COM port on which the Maker UNO is connected and click on connect. 
```
